Sandra's iPhone: Well, hello. Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Sandra's iPhone: Good. How are you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today,
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah yeah was
Sandra's iPhone: Was it was much more peaceful than the past couple of days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At work.
Sandra's iPhone: It was more peaceful than the past couple of days at work. Yeah, at work, it was like
Sandra's iPhone: I had to go do a stress test for seeing Monday morning, and this other new girl that I mean for the past two months. She's been there, like, five days. So we, you know, over the Friday afternoon Saturday all day and Monday morning, you know, and so
Sandra's iPhone: This other girl at work is really mean, and I stood up to her this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She did.
Yes.
Sandra's iPhone: She tried going after this young you know i 32 year old girl and she's like just starting. And she's got tattoos all over stuff that she can work just as much as anybody else can you
Sandra's iPhone: Know, right.
Sandra's iPhone: So,
Sandra's iPhone: I was gone to my stress test and Elaine comes in and
Sandra's iPhone: No one was at the front desk and Mary was on floor, but she was working with this guy, you know, and she came in yesterday and wrote a contract with the dude that she was working with on Monday. So it backs up my story. Totally. I said, man, she was working with somebody lay off of her
Sandra's iPhone: Basically, and so, Elaine came up to me and she was being asked me and she goes, Well, you can just take me off floor for the rest of month. Good. I'm gonna go take my fasten or from home.
Sandra's iPhone: Like a little kindergarteners
Sandra's iPhone: Lord, you know, and
Sandra's iPhone: Anyway,
Sandra's iPhone: So, you know, she texted me telling me that she knows she's in the wrong. She's been really unhappy. All of our sons back on drugs. She found an needle cap in his trash. The other day last week. She told me that
Sandra's iPhone: And
Sandra's iPhone: So, you know, but I'm really the first receptionist probably have their, their stood up to her and said, hey, no, I ain't cool. That's not right. Don't take your anger out on somebody else, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah. Good for you. Yeah. So anyways, I couldn't sleep at all. Monday night I was I was crying like a baby going
Sandra's iPhone: My husband was like oh my god
Sandra's iPhone: Like it 10 till 10 I had, I could not go to sleep before I texted her because I'm in recovery.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, I do that daily inventory and I and I just couldn't go to sleep or rest anything at all until I texted her and I apologize. I said if Mary was there. I apologize, blah, blah. You know, little details.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Just picking somebody to about next. And she knows it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will let you
Sandra's iPhone: guys aware
Sandra's iPhone: Yes, he's been telling well she's had a couple of few days for self reflection now. And today, she was coming around or more, and then she went to
Sandra's iPhone: Because usually this other girl Maria she moves around from office to office with Elaine when she gets all his stuff into, you know, this new round of Remax future wherever it'll take within those agents leave there and come to our office.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is crazy.
Sandra's iPhone: I know. So I didn't do it though that oh my god
Sandra's iPhone: Anyways, you know, then I got this other girl that I work with it or husband is a Fed and she kind of freaked me out a little
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Her and her daughter or they were together, you know, and right when I first got here. I was like, oh wait till 11 Cristian needs this oil that I take for her grandma seizures which she does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, right.
Sandra's iPhone: But, uh, they won't have no part of that lead stuff, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was a CBD.
Sandra's iPhone: It was yes.
Sandra's iPhone: Yes.
Sandra's iPhone: Or so oil is what it was. Anyway,
Sandra's iPhone: Um,
Sandra's iPhone: It's just, it's been a trip this past few months working there.
Sandra's iPhone: I guess I was like, Man, I really need my appointment. I got a doctor.
Sandra's iPhone: I was like,
Sandra's iPhone: Well, and then the phone systems they messed up. And I didn't know the phone system was messed up. So all these calls have been like screwing up you know for people. And I'm like, Dang I i'm so stupid. I'm just gonna quit, blah, blah, blah. All the I see done as, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: God so then come to find out the phone system semester. Yeah, I call this place today. Oh yeah, you got four lines or something's wrong or center crew tomorrow. I'm like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It wasn't you.
Happy
Sandra's iPhone: And the House that we were buying you know we've been so stressed out about not being able to close on it.
Sandra's iPhone: And this other chick at this title company been lying to us saying, oh, it's been recorded raw, we can't get a title policy on at blah blah. So john went and picked up our tech and took it to this other title come and we're closing Friday the 13th.
Sandra's iPhone: God is so funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is awesome. Congratulations.
Sandra's iPhone: Things.
Sandra's iPhone: You
Sandra's iPhone: Know there. Okay. My son was trying to FaceTime me. You should call us.
Sandra's iPhone: We'll call him. After, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't it amazing how when things are just going crazy that there seems to be one thing that just kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Works. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Patience. Yeah, it's crazy. The way I don't know if you're a burning fan or not, but it's so funny to see all these people vote against their own interest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, here's Bernie want to give everyone free medical care and all that other stuff and then everybody's voting for Donald Trump, who wants to take it all away.
Sandra's iPhone: Our son does not like to be ignored.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understand
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My kids are the same exact way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I stay out of politics.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah politics are hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To stay away from that topic. You know, I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It can cause some major
Sandra's iPhone: I know
Sandra's iPhone: I haven't gotten into politics with
People over again, which
Sandra's iPhone: You know i i did the other night I gave Dhoni Bernie a donation.
Sandra's iPhone: And I
Sandra's iPhone: And I posted is you know something on his page and my son comes in. He gets man puts feeding his office windows. We just can't have that you post in Bernice in saying, you know, you're a Bernie fan. We can't have that here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no.
Sandra's iPhone: Things. He says,
Sandra's iPhone: What was going on the government to I realized I can't change it. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's the hard part about it. It's just turned into this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Joke, you know, this unbelievable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow joke, you know,
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I prefer just to
Sandra's iPhone: Do anything about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so why worry. That's exactly it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's exactly it. I can't do anything about it. But there are some very opinionated strong minded people that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are for term and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I stay out of that argument, because I just don't believe anything about them. So
Sandra's iPhone: I do not like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't either.
Sandra's iPhone: male chauvinist pig and from there on out. I could care less. I don't know how any woman could vote for right
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I agree with you there.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, my father in law is just such a he's just, you know, straight for Trump. And I just do not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even diligence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't go to
Sandra's iPhone: My sister. I work with both of them.
Sandra's iPhone: I'm the same way. My dad is very Trump. He's a big Trump or and I'm also not religious, and he's very religious, and he just, I went to visit him. And he's like, why don't you believe in Jesus. You have nothing to lose.
Sandra's iPhone: And I'm
Sandra's iPhone: Sorry that I just don't know enough evidence. I'm sorry. And so, you know, he just attacked me. And then he said you should vote for Trump, and he sure he's wrote me out of the wheel.
Sandra's iPhone: As let's hope not.
Sandra's iPhone: chauvinist
Sandra's iPhone: He's, he's, he's a narcissist. Yes, it's like Trump
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you guys close on Friday the 13th for your house. When do you guys get to move in it.
Sandra's iPhone: We already have had the keys for a while but john to fix it up. Doesn't been with us for 12 years yeah and electrical test. It's got a, it's a duplex in its wood floors and it's got a two car garage out back eight foot fence jarred for $5,000
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, I
Sandra's iPhone: Bring my dog here which I was freaking out crying at work. A few months ago because my dogs.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, I was grieving.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: But my son has I'm still in my son. Oh my god. Yesterday he called and his girlfriend like she was hitting him I could tell, and they were fighting real bad because he went home and plus ter a gan Xanax bars and ketamine.
Sandra's iPhone: And he's screaming in the background.
Sandra's iPhone: My
Sandra's iPhone: Shoes screaming at me that my parents, my therapist won't give me because my parents to talk to them and tell them naughty. I said change therapist then
Sandra's iPhone: Holy cow, girl.
Yeah. Wow.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, I'm just like, oh my goodness, I needed a meeting after that.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, young love is stressful, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and she should not be putting her hands on him.
Sandra's iPhone: No, I know. I know. Then hits him and I could hear he cuts herself and He will not. Yeah. And she cut herself the other day.
Sandra's iPhone: And yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: She's on a bunch of us like mad. She shouldn't be doing other ketamine and
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, X bars. If she's on her site man's with her mom and dad, you know, she's like 19 or 20 i don't know but
Sandra's iPhone: She's, she's an adopted child and she's been spoiled her whole life, and she's whacked out on psych meds and she's like,
Sandra's iPhone: I guess goth girl or whatever.
Sandra's iPhone: Seeing like symbols ON HER BLANKETS AND I DON'T KNOW.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Sandra's iPhone: And she was raised strict Catholic and going to Catholic school and Catholic Church.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, wow.
Sandra's iPhone: But now she won't go to church at all.
Sandra's iPhone: chases been trying to get her. And he's like, she and and and got it all. Mom, I will you then you gotta pray your the spiritual leader. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, I've told him, I said, You've got to quit doing don't dude, you're gonna die. His best friend died a year ago on March six, which is my grandson's birthday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or so. Wow.
Sandra's iPhone: Part six or seventh of an overdose of heroin and he's been doing heroin again to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, that's not a good
Sandra's iPhone: Increase increases told me that. So I know he's doing heroin and coke and
Sandra's iPhone: God knows what. Anything you can get it stands on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh that's not good.
Sandra's iPhone: And I told him that, you know, maybe, you know, I think she should move here and get on this program I'm recommending it highly and you know my other son increases is like no, he needs to go to teen challenge and suffer like my oldest son did
Sandra's iPhone: You know,
Sandra's iPhone: I just, I'm torn with this kid. I don't know what to do, is 24 in April 15
Sandra's iPhone: And his best friend.
Sandra's iPhone: Had the same birthday.
Sandra's iPhone: Horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A year ago, so that that's traumatic one
Sandra's iPhone: That's why he's using right now. So I went on Danny's website Donovan Damon. I went on his like Facebook, the other day and I posted
Sandra's iPhone: You know, when chase posted something about Donnie. I love you forever and blah, blah, blah. You know, I've heard chase the best gift you could give donning his sobriety.
Sandra's iPhone: Day on his, on his Facebook. I put that to chase, so I don't do for him to pray. He wants to move back in with me to the garage loft.
Sandra's iPhone: We've got a lot in the garage and he wants. I'm like,
Sandra's iPhone: That mean to be in my house for showers in the kitchen. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
You know,
Sandra's iPhone: I went through it with myself and and go through it by himself. I'm not doing it for him.
Sandra's iPhone: I can't carry it. I can't do that. I lived with him for 23 years and then almost lose my mind. Again, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there comes a time when
Maybe
Sandra's iPhone: Friday.
Sandra's iPhone: Good not, you're not gonna let it you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. You gotta stay on track and that these are the hard boundaries that we have to set with the people that we love you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you know that until you are ready to do something different. He there's not anything anybody can tell you that's going to get you to change.
Sandra's iPhone: Right, right.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Sandra's iPhone: The other day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know all this. I'm preaching to the choir right now we've
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's the tough part, you know, this is the tough stuff that we have to go through as parents
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Sandra's iPhone: Have you ever read gift from the sea by an Morrow member
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're
Sandra's iPhone: Missing her dad. I can't wait to read it. It's I was watching this documentary, you know, the other day was International Women's Day.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, and I was watching this woman's documentary man at girl was strong. And then I looked up I Googled to get from the Shan, it was on, you know, I read a little bit wisdom from gifts from the sea.
Sandra's iPhone: And I was like, doing I like
That
Sandra's iPhone: She, you know, Charles limber was pot so popular. He is like it's, that's where the popper. It was created with him pretty much
Sandra's iPhone: You know, and they somebody kidnapped their kid when it was like one and a half or two and first child. Oh my god, I was just like traumatized after I got I'm watching the documentary, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you watch the documentary about the baby being kidnapped.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah well know about about it was about women pilots is what it was about.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, good. They had a big excerpt in there. What about
Sandra's iPhone: You know the Lindbergh's and and Mauro Limburg and how strong she was and stuff so
Yeah, that hospital.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're trudging through the week, right. I want to tell you that I think that it's awesome that you were willing to stand up to that lady at work.
Sandra's iPhone: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it seems
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From my point of view that somebody needed to and maybe she needed to hear that from you to be able to realize that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Sandra's iPhone: Yep, because I've known her since I'm alone. I was 11
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: She was a best man at my sister's wedding for her husband, Roger.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: oldest sister. She married. Roger. The broke the guy that started this place era Simmons real estate and Alberto New Mexico, and she was Roger's best friend. You know, so she was the best and
Sandra's iPhone: So I've known a long time, you know, and
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, all these other girls didn't have the balls to stand up, you know, for what was right. They would just this one girl today told me she was a receptionist there a couple years ago. She goes, I just packed up my stuff on the left. I said, Sean I'm not coming back.
Sandra's iPhone: Because they're like so many newer and shit talker and calling or a slot and all kinds of stuff right in on
Sandra's iPhone: On professional
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Because they didn't want something you know that's bullshit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: So I think I'm right where I should be. I want to be used of God. And I think I'm being that so
Hopefully,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Things. So to, you know, you've got a you know a lot going on right now and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A good a lot of good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the house is awesome. And you guys are, you know, getting to that point where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And be settled, you're gonna have your dog's back. You know what I mean. Before you know it, you know, and you know you're you know as well as I do that when your son's ready. He'll ask for help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he just got to kind of love him where he's at.
Sandra's iPhone: You know I do. And I've heard her house and I he said to me today. I love you mom, I still need to text him or call him this evening.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Alright.
Sandra's iPhone: Thanks so much for your time. Are we, sorry.
Sandra's iPhone: Are you ready to go. I don't know. Are you
Sandra's iPhone: Talking talk, talk, talk, talk, get everything out, you know, I'm done. Whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. It's all right. It's good. You know what I mean.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just know that, you know, if you come across any day of the week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Except for the weekends, because I'm usually away from my computer. But if you something comes up and you're stressed out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you man, process it. You know what I mean.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I was totally like freaking out the other day.
Sandra's iPhone: So yeah, do I call the virtual clinic and then
Sandra's iPhone: Call us call you or what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Color virtual clinic. Yeah, and just say it is, you know, Becca have any time today. I need to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tara okay they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are doing a great job. Sandra.
Sandra's iPhone: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right, so I will see you in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Is there any way. Is there anyway. I don't know if. Is there any way that I can get a reminder sent to me when I have appointments in group every Friday. That looks like a damn sure survey, because I can't find the bouncer a ever to do it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, let me find out and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let me ask the our care coordinator and see what we can do about that.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, or maybe like when we have group. I mean therapy every two weeks, if there's any way you could send me an email reminding me. Oh, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll check and see how we
Sandra's iPhone: CAN ALMOST FORGOT tonight. I was walking out the door to go get a pedicure because that way. She hurts so bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Self care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to get them in here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 100%. Okay. Go get your pedicure, I will coordinate with the virtual clinic and find out how we can get you reminders. Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Thank you so much. I
Sandra's iPhone: Appreciate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No problem. Sandy. Have a great weekend.
Sandra's iPhone: You too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye Bye bye.